write it down in your calendar because
eight months from now you're going to
sit bolt upright in bed at 4 a.m. and a
voice in your head is going to be
screaming tom was right
this isn't Austin impact Theory being in
a bubble there is a whole world of hyper
successful entrepreneurs for whom it's
not enough who've made a ton of cash
they really want to do something
[Music]
everybody we are here in beautiful
downtown Oakland for husband con I'm
literally here straight off of a plane
from can France it has been a whirlwind
and I couldn't be more excited to be
here I'm super am supposed to be 2,800
people at the talk so I'm very excited
to be here and to crush it today's talk
is the infamous quest origin story
talking about how we built the company
how making unconventional choices
actually turned it into what it is today
so getting people to understand why it
works and how to translate it into
today's age because even just seven or
eight years later the landscape has
changed dramatically so there are just
foundational things to the way that
people are in the way that they think
that are never going to change
and you're going to hear in my talk
today exactly how quest is essentially
my response to having built a life that
I hated
I went from chasing money which is very
uninteresting because money is a
facilitator it's like saying I'm chasing
gasps no you want to put gas in your car
so you can go somewhere so start talking
about where are you actually trying to
go right the gas is something get there
all right what is up everybody
man come on we got to do better than
that I want to know how many born
entrepreneurs do we have in the crowd
all right nice
well I'm very much not a born
entrepreneur so when these two buff
bodybuilder guys who are very successful
entrepreneurs came across my path and
they said Tom you're coming to the world
with your hand out and if you want to
control the resources you've got to
learn business you've got to get rich so
come with us we're building this
technology company we need somebody to
be a copywriter and I work my way up
through the company I got ownership in
the company I became the chief marketing
officer I was making more money than
I've ever made in my life and I [__]
hated my life
you guys know people are going to chase
money forever right you get that and
once you understand the difference
between what you're expecting it to be
and what it actually is then it can
become a useful driver in your life but
when you're just chasing money unaware
of the fact that money is inert it does
nothing money is a facilitator money
allows you to make your dream into a
reality but that's it if you don't know
what you're trying to build if you don't
know what you're willing to die for
money has nothing to offer you at the
end of every talk that I give I will
stand out in the lobby today included
and I will answer your questions for as
long as there are questions to answer
I've done it for eight hours in the past
thank
[Applause]
one you can tell thank you just right
here with me with me which is like so it
means a lot to me on them and I'm not
here so nice to keep crushing it matter
thank you sir yeah yeah yeah you could
change the world thank you I appreciate
that
hello how we doing it's good to see you
again yeah one other I did yeah I
literally quit so I went to my partner's
back when we were building the
technology company and I was making more
money than I'd ever made we were winning
award standing in this beautiful
conference room overlooking the Pacific
Ocean I realized I'm so deeply unhappy
none of this makes sense
and that was really when I began to
realize the game you're playing isn't
money it's not success it's brain
chemistry and if you have all the money
and success in the world and you feel
like [__] and you don't believe in
yourself and you think that you're a bad
person and you think that you're never
going to amount anything nothing else
matters
I can give you eight billion dollars if
you still felt that way when it
literally wouldn't make a difference and
there's this awesome poem called Richard
quarry and it's about a guy's the best
looking guy in town the richest guy in
town guys want to be em girls want to be
with him and he goes home one day and
shoots himself in the head and I read
that when I was probably eight or nine
that is stayed with me my entire life
because at the end of the day all that
matters is what do you think about
yourself and nobody else was around
that's it when it's all quiet and you're
left with just the voice in your head it
lifts you up does it tear you down
Thanks what is going to make a good
entrepreneur is being able to have
clarity of what the goal in the vision
is and then go okay what is the path to
execution and usually they have to
identify different monetization points
along the way so take Peter Diamandis
objective is to mine asteroids all the
sensors that he has to create to
identify what the asteroid has can
actually be used by agriculture so he's
already profitable I love so one day we
had seats and money but like whatever
and we sat there hitting refresh on her
bank account and all of a sudden we were
the richest people we'd ever met it was
[__] nuts and in that moment I was
like and I feel exactly not different at
all because we look at somebody with
money you admire them a little bit you
think they're cool right they got some
cool [__] and then you think when you
get money you'll feel about yourself the
way you felt about them and you don't or
so all of your insecurities say all the
things that bother you wind you up make
you feel badly it's all right there all
the woes and problems that you have
except for money they're all still there
right money is incredibly powerful when
you know what you want to facilitate
then it's amazing but it doesn't make
you feel differently about yourself so
once you are able to identify what your
mission is you can't be Precious about
the way that you get there right I
always tell people don't be afraid to
give up on a path the path is irrelevant
decide what is the outcome we want and
we'll change our path if we need to
right if your outcome is sincere then
you'll be willing to change your path
even if it means disrupting your own
business model
all right well brother thank you so much
what a pleasure that was an amazing
event I had a really good time not only
did the speech go over really well but
afterwards we did a five or five and a
half hour marathon QA session which I
absolutely loved it is always my
favorite part had a ton of questions a
lot of them just absolutely amazing had
all kinds of stuff about cheetah genex
to building businesses and everything in
between
it was a lot of fun to everybody that
came out and joined me you guys cannot
imagine how much I appreciate you guys
coming out and engaging absolutely means
the world to me so everybody here at
Hustle con gets crushed it this event
was utterly fantastic so thank you guys
so much in Oakland we out peace
[Music]